It seems today ♪
That all you see ♪
Is violence in movies and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
On which we used to rely? ♪
Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do ♪
All the things that make us ♪
Laugh and cry ♪
He's... a... Fam... ily... Guy! ♪
So this is sports.
Where's the hosiery?
Hi. I'm a 15-year-old wild card, and...
Well, let's get you a gun already!
Oh, Peter,
I'm so glad you're finally doing
something positive for your health.
What do you think about this treadmill?
Yeah, this one's good.
Let me ask a salesperson
for help like a complete beta.
Excuse me, sir...
Oh, oh, you're helping someone else.
I'll be with you in one second.
Yeah, no, no. You're busy, I see.
Help him, then help her,
then whoever's after them.
I'll just wait here
and feel the running shirts.
Sir, do you need help?
I'm waiting for Josh.
- What the hell?
Peter, what the hell is that?
It's my new pitching machine, Lois.
And look, it can turn
our car into a silly tank!
Watch me nail Cleveland.
I got one, too, bitch!
All right, Chris, time for your old man
to teach you how to swing a bat.
But I've been playing Little League
since I was seven.
Oh, that's all right.
After all, this is about
father-son bonding
and not about hitting you in the nuts
to get on America's Funniest Home Videos.
Wait, why are you
pointing the pitching machine
at my crotch? Aah! Hey!
Come on, Chris. You and me up there at AFV
in boxy, six-button suits.
The kings of 1991, just for one night.
Or will it be "Two Balls One Strike,"
submitted by Peter Griffin
of Quahog, Rhode Island?
And the winner is...
"Fainting Groom,"
sent in by Kevin and Lisa Tarczynski
of Berkley, Michigan.
"...but it turns out,
the real Dianetics was
the friends he made along the way."
Uh-oh.
Stand back.
The pitching machine
is the only plumber we'll need.
And... I'm waking up outside again.
Got to sleep to grow, guys.
Got to sleep to grow.
Oh, thanks for
letting us stay here, Daddy.
We'll be out of your hair
as soon as the house dries out.
You know, Carter,
we don't mean to be a bother.
Why don't we just stay at a hotel,
and you pay for the hotel
and it should be the LEGOLAND hotel?
I'm not giving you money
for almost drowning my
daughter and grandchildren.
Besides, I have to leave town
for a couple days,
and I need someone
I can trust to look after the place.
Where's Babs? Why can't she do it?
I don't know. The ransom note didn't say.
Daddy, I didn't know
you were leaving town.
- Where are you going?
- Ah, just some funeral.
I'll be back in a couple of days.
I left food out for the butlers,
just change their litter
boxes tomorrow if you think of it.
A funeral? Who died?
Just a...
just an old family friend.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, a family friend?
Was it someone I knew?
All right, look,
I didn't want to say anything,
but it was Meredith, your old nanny.
Meredith?
Oh, I loved that woman.
I was so sad when she quit.
Wow, Lois, you were lucky to have a nanny.
My mom just left me with a radio
possessed by the former owner of our home.
Can I have a snack?
RASPY VOICE
You're sitting where I died.
Why are you even going, Daddy?
People always want
the richest person they ever worked for
to attend their funeral.
They'll be, like,
"Oh, my God, a rich person!
I guess it's okay
he's talking on his phone."
Well, I can't miss Meredith's funeral.
Yeah, I'd better go, too.
But I need you to watch the house!
Oh, Peter and the kids
are more than capable
of watching the house.
Kids?
They're staying?
- But they love funerals!
- Peter, enough.
Daddy, I'm coming with you.
Fine. Ass, gas, or grass?
- No one rides free.
- I guess... gas?
That's what all the prudes say.
Did you know this house is so large
there's a 12-second echo?
What are you talking about?
The acoustics are such that
it takes the human voice
12 seconds to bounce back as an echo.
That's ridiculous.
Not even the Grand Canyon has a...
Did you know this house is so large
there's a 12-second echo?
- Ridiculous, huh?
- Okay, I'm hearing it now.
- Well, next time, maybe don't doubt me
when I tell you the acoustics are such
that it takes 12 seconds
for the human voice to travel.
- I think we should hang
some blankets in the hallway.
Ridiculous, huh?
Okay, I'm hearing it now.
- Guys, I have a great idea.
That's weird.
That fart was from yesterday.
Great idea, Peter!
Listen, I was thinking,
what if we make some extra cash
by turning this place into a hotel?
Great idea, Peter!
Awesome!
We're all in!
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to go apologize
to the hotel towels
for what's about to happen to 'em.
Men, tonight you will
have one last night of peace.
I won't lie to you,
a hotel guest has no regard for your life.
That means some of you
will not be coming back.
Those who do
will never be one color again.
Now,
Anderson, you're late-night vomit.
Russo, you'll be in the ladies' room.
- Ooh!
All right, knock it off, at ease.
Edwards, you're
gonna be folded into a monkey
at the foot of the bed,
and then on.
Look at Edwards, he's into it!
- Ooh!
- At ease!
Well, it'll be nice to have
a little road trip together.
Yeah, we never
had a lot of daddy-daughter time
when I was young.
You were always so busy.
Not now, kitten.
Oh, look!
That's just like the pond
Meredith used to take me to.
I miss her so much.
Yeah, I could always talk to her
when I was having a hard time.
Lois, what's wrong?
All the kids at school
said I'm MADtv funny
and not SNL funny.
Oh, Lois, kids can be so mean.
Have you ever heard the story
- of "The Ugly Duckling?"
- No.
Well, there once was a young duckling
who had a hard time fitting in,
just like you.
And one day,
that duckling went off to college
and created a website to rate women.
Then he made $100 billion
and mined user data to rig an election.
Wow! So am I also gonna
be a billionaire making websites?
No, but you'll use his
site to post pictures of wine
and passive-aggressively
body-shame other moms.
All right, for this
hotel operation to work,
we all got to pull our weight around here.
Chris, you'll be
the affable but dim bellhop.
When you say,
"Help those people with their bags,"
I'll ask, "How high?"
Brian, you'll tend the bar
and dole out snappy tidbits of advice.
All right! Stop by Brian's Bar
for some drinks, thinks and winks.
We can... we-we can pitch on it.
Uh, Meg, you'll handle
all the dish washing,
floor scrubbing, laundry,
and anything else
that involves breathing in chemicals.
And I'll be the concierge,
astutely learning
everything there is to know
about our guests.
That will be my one task.
Well, that and looking out for Dunstons.
- What?
- Dunstons. They'll check in.
They'll check right in.
Ah, and here come our guests now!
First to arrive is Tom Tucker,
here to celebrate the anniversary
of his divorce
with his annual bender.
Doctor Hartman and his overbearing mother.
They never travel apart.
If he could just meet the right woman,
he'd find the independence he needs.
Ah, Principal Shepherd, newly single.
Lost half the school in the divorce.
The Librarian, never married.
Adult Disney woman.
First kiss was with a boy at theater camp
who would one day
get beaten up by David Hyde Pierce
for being too fancy.
I say, Brian, do you know
what these guests need?
First to arrive is Tom Tucker,
here to celebrate
the anniversary of his divorce...
Damn it, I guess the blanket fell down.
Well, I've got 12 seconds.
What these guests need
is someone to arrange
a little romance in their lives.
And I'm the perfect man for the job.
After all, I do
all of Kevin Spacey's matchmaking.
So, you're not interested
in having sex with Kevin Spacey?
Oh, good, Kevin's going to love that.
Hey, you know anything about podcasts?
I've been getting into podcasts.
That's great!
I love podcasts.
Which ones are you listening to?
I really like this one called Cereal.
That was corn flakes.
Or was it?
The answer at the bottom of the bowl
isn't always what you expect.
I'm Sarah Koenig, and this...
-...is Cereal.
Dad! Dad!
I-I think I mixed up Mayor West's bags
with Bruce and Jeffrey's!
Leather chaps.
Saddle. Bullwhip.
Rope.
Sheriff's badges.
Saddlebags. Saddle soap. Fancy boots.
- Yep, this is ours.
- Yep, this is mine.
All right, Brian, I've devised a way
to get the Librarian
and Doctor Hartman together.
You see, I've prepared a batch
of Martha Stewart's chokiest scones.
So when the Librarian eats one,
she'll start choking,
and Doctor Hartman over there
will save her
with the Heimlich maneuver.
Here she comes!
Oh, these are going to go
straight to my thighs.
Now if only I could
find a man to do the same.
Oh.
Ooh, these are a little...
These are a little dry.
Okay, remain calm.
I've done this before.
Stop, drop and roll.
N-No, wait. No, wait.
I know this.
Okay, remember your medical training.
"If a patient chokes on food,
do the tummy-squeezy move."
Yep, that-that-that's it!
You-you saved my life!
Oh, how can I ever repay you?
Money?
May I have your attention, please?
I believe you dropped this.
The blueberries are still intact.
Shame to let something so sweet
go to waste.
Oh!
Thank you, sir.
Uh-oh, Brian, looks like we've got
a love triangle on our hands.
I'll treasure this forever.
Well, don't wait too long.
It'll liquefy from the enzymes
in your saliva.
Okay, last load.
Chris, will you help me fold these sheets?
- Sure, sounds easy.
- They're fitted.
All right, I got to find a bathroom
because that's mostly
what life is after 60.
Oh. Excuse me.
Oh, no, it's my fault, really.
I have a brain thing
where I go blind every 45 seconds.
Hi, I'm Jacqueline.
I'm Meredith's sister.
Really?
Oh, it's so nice to meet you.
I'm Lois.
I-I'm so sorry for your loss.
Meredith was my nanny a long time ago.
Oh, is that right?
Oh, that... well,
that's so nice of you to make the trip.
You see, Meredith-- Dark, darkness,
darkness, just ride it out.
And... we're back!
Meredith loved her time as a nanny.
It's a shame she had
to give it up after the affair.
Affair?
I know.
We try not to talk about it.
Some rich guy in Rhode Island.
They were seeing each other,
but then his wife found out
and forced him to fire her.
So that's what happened.
Tragic, isn't it?
She had nowhere to go,
so she came back here
to our childhood home of ThreeStatesAway.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe the Earth
is round, so that's me.
Oh, excuse me,
the funeral director is here.
I'm trying to avoid paying him.
Daddy and Meredith had an affair?
That's why she left me!
Oh, this is horrible.
- I have to call my husband.
Pewterschmidt Hotel, don't tell Lois.
- Peter?!
-I'll transfer you.
The Spa at Pewterschmidt Hotel,
don't tell Mom.
- Chris?!
-I'll transfer you.
Pewterschmidt Hotel laundry.
- Meg?
-Mom?
- Yeah, I'll transfer you.
Daddy, you had an affair with Meredith?
How could you?
Lois, honey, you don't understand.
The horn part in "Sussudio"
gave your mother a headache
that lasted five years.
What was I supposed to do?
Yeah, I don't want to hear it.
Do you have any idea
what that woman meant to me?
While you were off working
or golfing or God knows what,
she was at my piano recitals
or-or teaching me how to tie my shoes.
She was the only person in that house
who was really there for me,
and you took her away!
Well, what was I supposed to tell you,
how many Viagras and what position?
Six, and something I call
"The Old Pocketknife."
Evening.
I'm looking forward
to the doctor being in.
Oh.
Hello, there.
Maybe I could see you between periods.
Oh.
Looks like you've got your hands full.
You're telling me.
I just don't know what to do.
Well, who do you think I should choose?
Well, if it were me in this situation,
I'd just go along for the ride
and see what happens.
That's it?
That's your advice?
Well, it's just what I...
You know, I'm trying
to take some agency in my life,
and you're over here telling me
to just "see what happens."
- That's not helpful.
- Threesome?
Excuse me?
Uh, not with me!
With me?
Before we begin our service,
I'd like to remind everyone
that I became a priest
after my divorce, so yes,
I have had intercourse.
- To start things off...
- Daniel LaRusso's gonna fight?
Oh, I misheard that completely.
I've just been told
that a special friend of our Meredith
has made a long trip
just to be here today.
I'd like to ask Lois Griffin
to say a few words.
That's the daughter of the richest man
the dead lady ever worked for.
Hi, I'm Lois Griffin.
I, uh, I-I just wanted to be here today
to say goodbye to Meredith and thank you.
Thank you for raising me,
and-and-and for being there
when no one else was.
That's why I was so hurt when you left,
and I always held it against you,
but now I realize i-it wasn't your fault.
You know she can't hear you, right?
But no matter what happened, Meredith,
thank you for being my teacher.
Even today, you're teaching me
that the people you love
most of all can still betray you.
And now, a reading from
Paul's letter to the Corinthians.
"Dear Corinthians, camp is good.
"Yesterday we had hot dogs.
"Please send strawberry Big League Chew
but wrap it in a towel
because we're not allowed to have it."
- Amen.
Amen.
- Hey, it's Pewterschmidt.
You still have that
all-night construction crew?
I need a favor.
Hey, you owe me.
I picked you up from LAX.
You have to do anything
I ever ask for the rest of time.
Ah, there's our belle of the ball.
And she's chosen a suitor!
Well, you two look happy.
- How'd you decide?
- Money.
But I do feel bad
for leaving Principal Shepherd all alone.
Oh, you leave that to me.
I may have one more clever scheme
hidden up my sleeve.
Oh, my.
This may be one of my
ocular migraines talking,
but I see fireworks.
Can I ask, is that
licorice on your breath,
or is that just my licorice breath
bouncing out of your mouth?
Why don't you get in here and find out?
Wha...
Oh, are we home?
Why aren't we going up the driveway?
Come on.
I have to show you something first.
- Daddy, what is this?
- It's yours.
I had to call in a favor or two,
but it's all for you.
I figured you can come here
to sit whenever you miss Meredith.
Daddy, this is beautiful.
I'm sorry, Lois.
You were right,
people you love can betray you.
But if they're rich enough,
they can buy apology ponds.
Thank you, Daddy.
Oh, no, Rafael, the old gardener, died.
I have a story I have to tell you
and, spoiler alert,
you'll be getting another pond.
Well, Dad, I guess our hotel worked out,
and we actually made a decent profit.
We sure did, son,
but we still got work to do.
Hi, everybody,
I'm your karaoke host, Peter Griffin.
I will be up here
far too many times tonight.
Just a quick reminder to all of you
that even though we haven't started yet,
there's already
an hour and 45-minute wait.
So go ahead and write down
the song you want to sing,
hand it to me, and I will let
15 musical theater people go before you.
Remember, no repeats.
We want to give everybody
a chance to sing,
although there will be the same rotation
of five people up here
over and over doing duets.
All right, who's ready
for me to kick things off
and then go third and sixth?
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH